FetLife Glossary
 
Dominant: A person who consensually takes power, authority or control in a relationship, scene or activity.

Domme: A female-identifying person who consensually takes power, authority, or control in a relationship, scene or activity.

Switch: A person who participates in relationships, scenes and activities as a Top/Dominant or bottom/submissive depending on their mood, partner or the situation. Some switches enjoy changing their power dynamic during the scene.

submissive: A person who agrees to submit or give up control in a relationship, scene or activity.

Master: A person who consensually takes ownership over someone who they are in a relationship with.

Mistress: A person who consensually takes ownership over someone who they are in a relationship with.

slave: A person who agrees to give total control to someone who they are in a relationship with.

kajira: A female owned-property slave, as per the world of Gor in John Norman’s fantasy novels.

kajirus: A male owned-property slave, as per the world of Gor in John Norman’s fantasy novels.

Top: A person who is consensually in control of the action during kinky activities.

Bottom: A person who agrees to give up control or receives the stimulation during kinky activities that may or may not include submission.

Sadist: A person who enjoys inflicting humiliation or pain consensually on someone, whether it’s emotionally, mentally or physically.  

Masochist: A person who enjoys receiving pain or humiliation consensually, whether it’s emotionally, mentally or physically.

Sadomasochist: A person who engages in sadism and/or masochism.

Kinkster: A person who doesn’t want to define their role while engaging in power exchange, role play, sadomasochism, cross-dressing and/or fetishes.

Fetishist: A person who is aroused by objects or nonsexual parts of the body.

Swinger: A person who has consensual sex with other people within and outside of their committed relationships.

Hedonist: A person with a strong focus on the pursuit of pleasure.

Exhibitionist: A person who enjoys displaying themselves in a public or semi-public manner in order to attract attention.

Voyeur: A person who enjoys watching others, usually in a sexual context, without engaging with them.

Sensualist: A person with a strong focus on the pursuit of sensual pleasures and interests.

Princess: A person who requires a very particular treatment of praise, care, and attention.

Slut: A person who embraces the freedom to engage in sexual activity in accordance with their desires, with one or multiple partners, regardless of conventional values.

Doll: A person who enjoys objectification and wants to be transformed through one's own and/or outside forces into a living doll.

sissy: A male-identified person who engages in feminization and sometimes humiliation in order to reach a different emotional or mental state.

Rigger: A person who practices the art of bondage, usually with rope.

Rope Top: A person who performs rope bondage.

Rope Bottom: A person who receives rope bondage.

Rope Bunny: A popular alternative for Rope Bottom, often a model for performance, photography or demos.

Spanko: A person with a strong interest in spanking and/or being spanked.

Spanker: A person who enjoys spanking others.

Spankee: A person who enjoys being spanked.

Furry: A person who identifies with a particular anthropomorphic animal or creature, often wearing costumes or tokens representing the animal.

Leatherman: A person who has a fetish for leather and/or espouses the traditions and protocols of a traditional style of BDSM that arose out of the combination of male homosexual BDSM with motorcycle clubs ("biker culture") after World War II.

Leatherwoman: A person who has a fetish for leather and/or espouses the traditions and protocols of a traditional style of BDSM that arose out of the combination of male homosexual BDSM with motorcycle clubs ("biker culture") after World War II.

Leather Daddy: An authority figure within the leather community or tradition.

Leather Top: A person within the leather community or tradition who performs kinky activities on someone.

Leather bottom: A person within the leather community or tradition who receives kinky activities from someone.

Leatherboy: A submissive within the leather community or tradition; usually seeking a paternal/maternal figure.

Leathergirl: A submissive within the leather community or tradition; usually seeking a paternal/maternal figure.

Leatherboi: Someone within the leather community or tradition who may be submissive or in a subordinate role, and often doesn't identify with binary gender labels.

Bootblack: A person who specializes in polishing and/or spit-shining boots as part of play, for love of the craft, and/or as a way to give back to the kink community.

Primal: A person who rejects rules, traditions and protocols and prefers to self-define their role, often associated with foundational and/or animalistic instincts, behaviors, and desires.

Primal Predator: A primal who enjoys hunting and attempting to capture prey.

Primal Prey: A primal who enjoys being hunted by a predator.

Bull: A man who engages in sex with a woman whose partner enjoys the cuckold dynamic.

cuckold: A man who enjoys the humiliation and/or voyeuristic experience of watching or knowing their partner has sex with someone else.

cuckquean: A woman who enjoys the humiliation and/or voyeuristic experience of watching or knowing their partner has sex with someone else.

Ageplayer: A person who engages in role-play where a different age is taken on by one or more of the participants.

Daddy: A person who is nurturing and/or paternal in a relationship.

Mommy: A person who is nurturing and/or maternal role in a relationship.

Big: A person who is nurturing and/or parental in a relationship dynamic.

Middle: A person who identifies with or exhibits a younger mindset and/or behaviors, but feels more like a teen or pre-teen than a little.

little: A person who identifies with or enjoys exhibiting a child-like mindset and/or behaviors. Their relationships may or may not include a power exchange component.

brat: A person who likes to exhibit one or more of the following behaviors: teasing, playful, sneaky, mischievous, stubborn, rebellious, disrespectful or disobedient. This behavior may be a component of their power exchange relationship.

babygirl: A person who seeks a parental and/or nurturing figure in a relationship, with some identifying as or role playing as a young girl. Also used as an endearment for a female-identified submissive.

babyboy: A person who seeks a parental and/or nurturing figure in a relationship, with some identifying as or role playing as a young boy. Also used as an endearment for a male-identified submissive.

pet: A person who may or may not identify with animal play who is treated like they are beloved and owned.

kitten: A person who enjoys roleplay as a kitten or cat.

pup: A person who enjoys roleplay as a puppy or dog.

pony: A person who enjoys roleplay as a pony or horse.

Evolving: A person who is undergoing gradual change.

Exploring: A person who is on an open journey through the world of kink.

Vanilla: A person with without any identified kinks or fetishes.

Undecided: A person who doesn’t currently identify with a particular role.

Not Applicable: A person who doesn’t want to specify a particular role.
